---
title: Sponsors
subtitle: Charging Batteries
layout: default
date: 2018-05-06
pretty-date: May 06, 2018
img: sponsors.png
thumbnail: sponsors-zoom.png
author: Pau Molas Roca
author-url: #

post-par1: Hej everyone! Shit happens, just for you to know. What then? Just stand up and make a step froward. The SED 2.0 due date is getting closer and closer. In my previous blog posts I told you about the pneumatics system design. It was all set, even SMC vendor agreed to sponsor us with their amazing and adaptable components (valves, interfaces and tubing). At the same time we hear back from RESTEK who decided to sponsor us as well! WE ARE THE TREND!!! So if you are a multimillionaire and are reading this post, just call me and I give you my bank account! Of course it will be for the team… ;)
post-par2: The new RESTEK sponsorship added to some contamination issues with the tube material, made us change our mind and introduce stainless steel tubing. Luckily, SMC has everything we need in terms of interfaces availability to still be able to keep the same design with minor changes. The latter doesn’t mean that some research had to be done before finding the solution. Both design possibilities are still on and on hold for both sponsors to reply to our latest emails. It comes to my mind a catalan expression; “No diguis blat fins que no el tinguis al sac i ben lligat”, which in english stands for; “Do not say corn until you have it inside the bag and properly closed”. The weekend has had some CAD modeling as well; Electronic Box, shielding walls, and some documentation writing. 
post-par3: As you have seen the weekend has been a bit busy (luckily it has been bad weather). Since I already expected it, I charged batteries on Friday evening doing a sunset ski tour in Narvik fiord summiting the always impressive Rombakstøtta. We got to have some crazy late lights as you can see in the picture! 
post-par4: I will get back to you after we the submission of the SED 2.0 and on our way to prepare the challenging Critical Design Review! Let’s go team!
---
